can you join HP nicer than that any
different of the season this is an
opportunity a bit questionable yeah
can't wait to hopefully show I can do
something to detainment the Chico
ecology yeah this is a good opportunity
for you not been outlined yeah I think
this is a whole new experience way is my
first time just can't wait
see what has in store for me and see if
I can rise a challenge yeah absolutely
it has this happened
we're going to first one that I heard
about a week or two ago and just got
told this morning so obviously a little
bit of a rush travel up as quickly as I
could
yeah give you folks a pin Swift system
from the existing pipe news cup and ear
that's a good experience where we all
say - it was good splat front of them
Krauts because usually it's just raining
no it was good
I think I prefer just you keep a quick
switch need it I'll play what's been
like going through the system as
possible
it was one of first went over it was
tough getting used to training every day
and now I'm used to
the love of them
continue to see where those what's the
most matters of security Excel Pacific
here for your subjugated some develop
yeah this thing here
silence yeah we know spice with here
particularly first time really new
experience its enemy to do people and
stuff without saying character I guess
yeah players in just yeah yeah I'm just
not supposed to catch human preseason
all the proper to the city as you can
get to start off with the boys just get
your Saracen really